Castle look-alike building under the flyover highway
This meanie was trying to cross the highway to get to some water. None left in the creek due to lack of rain.
bike trail over highway
On top of an overpass overlooking the highway running underneath me.
Coming Down the West Fork of Molino Canyon you can cross under the highway and head straight into the campgroud/parking area.

Some houses near one of the bays of Seattle taken from the car on the highway
Old cemetery with bare winter tree seen along highway in Maine. January 2004.
rock formations along Mt. Lemmon highway in Arizona (outside Tucson)
off highway 6 near silver plume, colorado
This egret was fishing in the water near the highway overpass.  He caught a few, too.
Rural highway through the Arizona desert with lots of cacti and mountains in the background
This is a pseudo infrared photo of trees above highway 18 on the way down from Big Bear lake.
This stand of trees obscures a large highway in Madison.
walls under the highway
Arial view of highway in Nairobi taken from inside the place (Keny airways, Boing 736) from the last seat 
A gorgeous butterfly stopped by to check out dog park progress on 8-6-08.
Cherries on a tree near my bus stop.  
My next destination, this is at the bus stop near the M60 bridge on Greengate
Just a random little Simpsons-esque doodle in permanent marker on a wall by a bus stop in Hove.
Seen on an express box near a bus stop along 16th St NW

Even the bus stop sign is in French. Feels like home :)
with my trusty car i stopped on an island in the mississippi river
Tom and Bonnie Moffatt stopped their little red convertible by the Harbour Estate event pavillion.
new meaning to stop light fun in the air car. the drivers dancing around the car in circles at every cloud
Typical rainy night getting stopped by a train on my way home from somewhere.
They've reached the top of the trellis and show no signs of stopping! Covered in lots of green tomatoes.

these signs were posted all over a truck stop btw montreal and toronto. i hope s/he won.
i stopped by the library and picked up a few books to read while i'm home over break. 
Occupation coffee mugs for sale in a truck stop...
And the Metro.  The busses are now below ground with light wells above each bus stop area.

Minor road in Trivandrum, East Fort, viewed from roof top restaurant China Town

Old road and rail bridge over Kiel-Canal at Levensau (part of Kiel-Suchsdorf)built 1893

Rick's favorite road sign in Germany; it means &amp;quot;no speed limit.&amp;quot;
sign on current n78 on junction with road leading to newbridge, near kilcullen junction
The road in front of my house - one lane  only
An inquisitive cow surveys the road near Sheffield, Tasmania.
A road in Camp Pendleton. See the Range sign ahead.
The road on the left is the hill up under the railway bridge. The road on the right is parallel to the High Street.
thats me sitting in sofa in the middle of the night - lit only by the street lamp down the road
world's best car in rally trim running down the road in nara.
Looking over at the modern road bridge
Amazing how a little humidity can make a street torn up by road construction look interesting.
I was amazed at the fantastically clear view of the Liver Buildings from this little road in Seacome.
You can tell this is a student residence by the road sign secreted in the garden.
on the road and distracted by old train line
Sun Sculpture on the road above Cottesloe beach 
taken from the bridge that carry's greenway road over bishops lydeard railway station
pics at camelia road house in New Bern after dad's funeral--June 2004
View across road from train in Wakefield
Resting cows underneath the DAMEL bridge in the middle of a road crossing
ia1934 aj6201 road north carolina nc blue ridge parkway in the autumn near grandfather mountain 
That sign is a bit in the ditch and mostly up to it's neck in snow. Oh... this is the road too.
dog barking beside the road
2007.  Rustic barn along mountain road near Wytheville Va.  Shot with Canon F-1and nFD 35-105mm f/3.5 lens handheld. 
the road down  the mountain in Huntsville
some flower by the road
photo sesh with the room mate on top of a 150 foot rail road bridge above the river. (unsafe)

Motorists and a dog converge near a road block on Highway 299, closed due to wildfires. 6/27/08
stalls in the road selling all world cup stuff
The highest road bridge in the world!
 
clarence newton road - near blowing rock - january 1 2009
Old house on the side of the road in Cane Hill, Arkansas.
Was almost run down by a bus taking this. Standing in the middle of the road is sometimes necessary
One man standing fully upon the roof of an SUV, which was moving terrifyingly swiftly down the road. 
Double ex...  road arrow and road sign near ocotillo , ca.
Stopped at the end of my road and took this beside the truck
Seven mile bridge from below the road deck
Sukhumi road sign in Zugdidi
A sign on the side of road somewhere near Gainesville.
Stripped cork trees beside the road on the west coast of Portugal - en route to Lisbon
This lake was over the road from the one in the next picture in the photostream
brand new road in front of new  collins building on waterfront side of buildings.on street parking  and big car jail 
clarence newton road - near blowing rock - october 2008

The setting sun seen from the coast road near Mio, Hyogo.
A snapping turtle crosses the road in Dekalb, GA.
The famous trail ridge road above the tree line. This is shot @ 11,500 ft
Earls Court exhibition center. We're in the building directly behind this one, follow the road on the left to get there.
The bridge on the &amp;quot;Low&amp;quot; road above us with the waterfall coming straight at us.

The wildflowers by the road at the welcome sign to Cleveland, Georgia
some dude ran off the road and onto the beach..heres some glass in a flashlight that i got from the &amp;quot;crime scene&amp;quot;
this fence you can find another side of the road in Stonehenge. 

lake by the road
Curvy lines formed by an embankment on one side, pavement tiles, and road surfaces.
Snake spotted on a road in Texas--HUGE!!!
Deer trying to cross road for water in late afternoon.
road sign in Oingt
Heading further in on the mountain road towards Arthur's Pass.  Kids now in control of the camera.
Kitteh is displeased w/ road repair noise in front of her building
This beautifully rusting old Ford truck was in an open garage along a country road in Massachusetts.
Two cars on flooded road - Melbourne Hailstorm, by Nicholas Vardaxis
This was his first trip home after three weeks or more on the road by himself.

The trees along one side of the road were covered in beard lichen
Me on the road over the volcanic mountains back to Rwanda.
glass moose in the lounge of the Jupiter Motel, Portland, OR.  My last on the road job for the rest of the year!!!
St Mary's Church of Scotland from the banks of the Forth and Clyde Canal with the road bridge passing over it.
Was driving down a back road somewhere near Edmonton when I saw this cat just setting there.
road signs in Rome Ga
Crosses on a lonely road to Pres. Bush's ranch home in Crawford, Texas.
all the red sand photos were taken on the road between Zinder and Diffa in South Niger
Wild elephants by the road on the way from Nairobi to Tiwi
A few trucks driving down a very flooded marina road in Cork 

18th-century hump-back bridge carrying the A83 road over the River Shira, designed by Roger Morris.Inveraray in Argyll, Scotland.
More road signs (&amp;quot;city&amp;quot; refers to downtown Johannesburg, also indicated by the circled dot)

A46 road bridge over the Grand Union Canal just outside Warwick.  Taken in the early evening sunshine.
The other side of the road in Madiana. Some compounds have fences, while others have concrete walls built surrounding the compound. 
local road signs in Mysore
Larch trees on an old mining road near Chinook Pass.
It's a local disease to put road signs in unnecessary places... 
A road warrior and a River Rat by the bridge between highland park and new brunswick, nj

As seen through the rusty rings over the road
frog bin and wildflowers by liverpool football ground oakfield road in anfield breckfield
Grabbing dogs at Hot Dog Dinner on Pearl road in Parma. This is the Chili Cheese Dog.
Taken from the coast road around the north of Applecross Peninsula
trees over the road 3
flowers by the road
skiing on the flat road in burned trees
Waiting to cross the road in Sydney. I love the composition of this one.
Kinda cool to be in traffic with a street car in 2009.
Called The Eye, this bridge 'opens' like an eyelid by tilting up to let river traffic through..
Lake Avenue bridge is one of two in the city that can accommodate elevated train traffic (the other is Wells). 
The cooling towers across from the meadowhall shopping centre. Taken from car window as we queued in m1 motorway traffic 
Another sketch (drawn AND painted) in the car on the way home from work (at traffic lights of course!)Sydney Australia
View of traffic from the rear seat of a car driven by a Cuban local
